I love you guys
No
so 5,000 we have hit 5000 subscribers on
youtube it's a beautifully if thank you
guys so much i love you guys wow that's
like the size of my town if you add 500
oh my damn 5000 my budget hey I saw with
my ears oh my gosh man I need that right
now all the doors my stomach feels like
a raging inferno dad stop we could have
a total a dance session 5,000 people is
dancing that's why the who I can't oh my
gosh look more any more happy yeah I
can't do okay for real hey guys TJ I'm
here sorry about that couldn't handle
lucky I want to announce up after three
long years of youtubing and making these
videos thanks to you guys I love you
guys so much we have reached 5000
subscribers and to me that's amazing
thinking about if that many people were
dancing and they were all in one room
that's just 5,000 people dancing I'm
that's what I'm all about and just blows
my mind that that many people have
supported me and seen my channel and
just been like no I dig your stuff I'm
going to you know support you and come
along your journey so I wanted to throw
a contest where you guys poorly contest
me lo ng have come together once again
we're going to be offering some loyal
KNG gear hats t-shirts necklaces you
know all the kids and then as well as
these cops play dvds that we got very
old what's up this is cool there's going
to be two winners it's gonna be cool you
guys thank you so much I want to do this
for you guys because I really appreciate
what we built these past years so to
compete for the actual competition
there's three ways to enter the contest
one way is YouTube like the video and
then come
down below you can tell me whatever you
like as long as you hashtag realty
dragging along the way for coming your
favorite fruit your favorite city to
dance in also if you just want to
support me and just share the video
around a little bit I mean that you
don't have to i'm not saying it adds
anything but does stuff dude the second
way is facebook so if you want to join
in just go to my facebook page like it
i'll link it down below leave me a
comment and I'll put you into the hole
duffel bag of categories and vamp you
are entered as 1 plus they add together
you don't do it on YouTube Facebook Ads
the third and most important way is
Instagram take a picture show your
support tag roti dragging your picture
hashtagit realty dragon i will see those
and i will put them into the contest so
thank you guys so much for this amazing
experience 2014 it's been amazing we hit
our goal let's see what happens next I
love you guys so much and so remember
guys like always stop hey make love and
earth water I care I declare a pinky
swear
I have a cat
oh I got it it feels like resident evil
is just going on all my belly and
there's unmet people just a bit through
my gut